what is going on you guys we are back
with Mortal Kombat and in the last video
you guys a lot of you guys commented
saying play with predator or play with
predator so I'm gonna play with
predators you guys wanted me to so I'm
gonna try that out I've been awarded
nice alright let's go ahead and pick I
got I got Jason as well I got the Kombat
pack that's what it was you guys were
telling me to download that and I did
and I got predator with it
predator versus Ken man
whoa what the fuck whoa what the hell is
that mean what does that even do it
didn't even do anything
fucking stay up finish yes we have to
finish him oh I did I did you just put
the circle thing in his head predator
versus to China laughs I came spitting
[Music]
I'm invisible
I went invisible I mean there's really
no point of being invisible we just do
this little special maneuver I fucked it
up I fucked it up
No
[Music]
alright I'm gonna try out I haven't
tried this person out yeah it was it's
Tanya she came with the combat pack as
well as Jason and Predator I'm gonna
choose the variation of watch ragged
naginata okay it's gonna be Tonya versus
Predator all right let's do it let's go
what map what map what map what Matt oh
man this one ah so Tanya came with them
combat pack as well as pret print
doesn't have his mask on you guys she
it's just like in the movie how he takes
his mask off you cannot evade me beast
I'm a fucking ninja oh shit wait oh dude
I'm gonna use my staff I'm gonna try to
do that again hold on come on bitch fuck
off predator oh my god what better I'm
done with you bitch get slapped
fucking bitch slap him dude hand stand
that bitch let's go boom I'm gonna use
my fucking special right now here we go
ever done it yet
oh wow that was sick I love it I love
doing this I'm gonna go ahead and
rematch cuz I feel like I could beat him
stop it predator she's bitch boom how do
you like that
okay alright alright alright I got
something for you I got something for
you bitch I got something for you
[Music]
rough teleporting man yes Scott you
bitch come on bitch
think you could take this alright imma
get on my stick right now hold on hold
on let me get on my stick oh yeah that's
right bitch bitch bitch
[Applause]
[Music]
that was crazy fucking ninja dude I love
it the fuck you grown invisible for a
bitch I could still see you mom come on
stick time I get to finish him I get to
finish the predator right down down left
down I did it I did it oh my god that's
how the movie ended that's right that's
how it ended right there me killin
predators
[Music]